events: add urlSnarfer example (#113)
Limnoria/Limnoria-doc: develop/events.rst

The :class:`supybot.callbacks.PluginRegexp` class provides some utilities
for creating plugins that act on regular expression matching.

Reacting to URLs
----------------

> Using Limnoria's ``urlSnarfer`` will avoid loops with other bots and ignore private messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using :func:`supybot.commands.urlSnarfer` will avoid loops with other bots and ignore private messages.
```

Reviewer: IMO you should also add a brief (one-line) description of what this example does: it creates a new snarfer for example.com, gated behind a config variable `plugins.examplesnarfer.enabled`

Reviewer 2: I'd also start the introduction with "As a special case of `PluginRegexp`, `urlSnarfer` can be used to act on people sending URLs."

.. code-block:: python

    # An example plugin using urlSnarfer

>     # https://docs.limnoria.net/develop/commands.html#supybot.commands.urlSnarfer

Reviewer: Rather than embedding links in the code, it's probably better to add descriptions before or after the code sample. That way, you can use inline links to the references.

    from supybot import utils, plugins, ircutils, callbacks
    from supybot.commands import *
    from supybot.i18n import PluginInternationalization

    _ = PluginInternationalization('ExampleSnarfer')

    class ExampleSnarfer(callbacks.PluginRegexp):
        """ Example URL snarfer """
        # Note the class uses callbacks.PluginRegexp

>         # https://docs.limnoria.net/develop/callbacks.html#pluginregexp

Reviewer: Same as above

        
        # Specify the handler method
        regexps = ['snarfer_handler']
        
        # urlSnarfer() stops calling handlers once a message has been replied to
        # Call this plugin before others that use urlSnarfer()
        callBefore = ["Web"]
        
        @urlSnarfer
        def snarfer_handler(self, irc, msg, match):
            r'https://example\.com(/(\S*)|\s|$)'
            # Messages that include a match to the regex are passed to this method
            #  https://example.com
            #  https://example.com/
            #  https://example.com/anything/else/here 

>             channel = msg.channel

Reviewer: These variables are only used once, so we can probably just do this inline in the registryValue lookup

            network = irc.network
            

>             # To disable snarfing on the current channel only:

Reviewer: User-facing comments shouldn't be inside the source code. I personally don't think you need to mention this at all, since it's already covered in the configuration guide

            #  @config channel plugins.examplesnarfer.enabled false
            # To revert to the global value:
            #  @config reset channel plugins.examplesnarfer.enabled
            if not self.registryValue('enabled', channel=channel, network=network):
                return

>             full_match    = match.group(0)

Reviewer: Standard Python style is to *not* align the `=` in assignments

            capture_group = match.group(2)

>             irc.reply(f'ExampleSnarfer matched: {full_match}')
> 
>             if capture_group:
>                 irc.reply(f'and used a capture group to extract: {capture_group}')

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            if capture_group:
                irc.reply(
                    _('ExampleSnarfer matched: %s and used a capture group to extract: %s')
                    % (full_match, capture_group)
                )
            else:
                irc.reply(_('ExampleSnarfer matched: %s') % (full_match,))
```

Not very relevant to your example, but I'd like to give readers a good habit of replying with a single message, and using internationalization.

    Class = ExampleSnarfer

Add to ``config.py``:

.. code-block:: python

    # This is a channel-specific value

>     # https://docs.limnoria.net/develop/advanced_plugin_config.html#channel-specific-values

Reviewer: Same as above. After #112 merges you can add an inline reference to this section with

```rst
:ref:`your text <conf-dev-register-channel-value>`
```
